[Music]
okay everybody settle down and gather
round and we'll all gaze into my
metaphorical crystal ball to find out
what will happen before 2050 oh I see a
dark handsome person in your future oh
wait
round crystal ball never mind now how
often do you dream of being able to see
the future this way you could understand
if you should accept that job offer or
not if you should take your umbrella or
the weather forecast will prove wrong
again or if the country you're going to
spend your holiday in will still exist
in a couple of years Hey I just like to
know which stocks to pick wouldn't you
well luckily nowadays you don't have to
be a psychic to predict the future
sometimes it's enough just to analyze
the present here are the events that are
planned to happen or will probably
happen by the year 2050
let's start in the year 2019 ooh that's
next year a couple of new countries have
big chances to appear in the political
map of the world nowadays Bougainville
Island in the Pacific Ocean is formally
the autonomous region of Papua New
Guinea
however if in 2019 most of the
population votes for independence it
will become a separate country another
place New Caledonia is now part of
France but if its people decide so it
will also become an independent state so
those of you who have been visiting all
the countries in the world on their
bucket list you'll have more work to do
what's more Tesla will manufacture more
than a half a million cars for the first
time in the history of the company the
European Union will allow self-driving
cars on the roads within its borders
Denmark will be the first to open a zoo
without cages they plan to create a
world with animals that will roam free
where there won't be any tanks or cages
as for the visitors they will have to
observe the animals hidden from their
view completely either from beneath the
ground or from other shelters here kitty
in the year 2020
the construction of the tallest building
in the world will be finished as you
know today the tallest building is the
Burj Khalifa in Dubai but in 2020 Saudi
Arabia will break this record by this
time the construction of the Jeddah
Tower will have been completed and the
world will see a building with a height
of three thousand three hundred and
three feet what's more India will have
completed a huge optical fiber network
it will connect 600 million citizens
living in the rural areas to the
internet more people have mobile phones
and electricity in their homes more than
six point 1 billion people will be using
smartphones all over the world
in more than half of the USA
solar energy will become more economical
than usual electricity
the first space hotel for the wealthiest
people will be opened Bigelow Aerospace
is planning to launch a spacecraft that
will be a hotel for people from Earth
the tests of such aircrafts have been
successful moreover one of them is even
used by astronauts in the ISS as a
storage room in the year 2024 SpaceX the
company that was founded by Elon Musk in
2002 is planning to send a cargo
spaceship to the Red Planet
later if the mission is successful they
want to send the first people there more
than half of all the internet traffic to
people's homes will be used by different
home devices and appliances there will
appear new prosthesis that will convey
sensations cost of solar panels will
equal zero point nine dollars American
per watt in the year 2025 the population
of Earth will reach 8 billion people and
they'll all be in line at Starbucks
what's more people's life expectancy
will get longer and there will be 50
times more centenarians more and more
people will use car sharing programs all
over the world Norway will even ban
gas-powered cars and people will start
to drive electric cars solely hey I've
got one now it will be possible to
charge electronic devices using Wi-Fi US
military will start to use electricity
for stimulating soldier's brains
improving their attention span and
increasing reaction time the
construction of Dubai's Dubai lat an
unbelievably huge entertainment complex
will finally be completed in the year
2026 the Sagrada família Cathedral in
Barcelona will be finished the
construction of this Cathedral started
back in 1883 the biggest challenge has
been designing special stone blocks as
necessary and it takes a long time to
make even one they require a lot of
individual attention
so by the time the thing is finally
built the cathedral will have been under
construction for 143 years the European
Union's international thermonuclear
experimental reactor will be activated
for the first time this reactor is much
safer than traditional nuclear reactors
and in case of an accident the emissions
will be minimal and so an evacuation
won't be necessary surgeons will start
to use near infrared goggles that will
help them see tumors as Tiny as 0.04
inches and even cancer cells Google will
invest enough money to make the internet
1,000 times faster in the year 2028
Venice may become uninhabitable it
doesn't mean that the city will be
completely underwater a it might happen
but not before the year 2100 however
there are concerns that the water level
in the Venetian Lagoon will raise so
much that it will be impossible to live
in the houses you'll be able to use your
smartphone to detect diseases through
breathalyzer screening technology
contact lenses with built-in cameras
will become available satie's Asia will
become the center of all air travel and
life expectancy will dramatically
increase due to the gene modification in
the year 2029 the Apophis asteroid will
come as close as 23,000 860 miles to
earth according to the first estimations
that scientists made the probability of
the astronaut colliding with earth in
2029 was only about 2.7 percent however
later it was completely ruled out which
can't be said about future times when
the asteroid will come even closer to
our planet robotic sex partners won't
shock anyone quite the contrary
they will become common practice people
wealthy enough to afford it will save
farewell to wrinkles
in the year 2030 the area of the Arctic
ice sheet will be extremely small
according to some estimations the Arctic
Ocean will melt completely in the summer
period before the end of the 21st
century surgeons will manage to reroute
the nerves in such a way that paralyzed
people will be able to use their hands
and people will mass produce artificial
blood for transfusions in the year 2033
a manned mission to Mars will start and
its name will be Aurora the program of
the International Space Agency will be
focused on studying the moon Mars and
asteroids it will include both automatic
flights and manned ones before they sent
people to Mars they will send cargo to
it and will develop technologies for
landing and returning to Earth
scientists will invent injectable brain
implants ah man too late for me they
will allow to alter new rods and treat
brain damage and disorders in the year
2035 quantum teleportation will happen
in Russia but don't let your hopes up
this is not that teleportation of actual
objects through space beam me up Scotty
oh never mind
solar activity will decrease by 1% and
as a result earth will experience a mini
ice age 3d printers will start to print
organs which will then be used in
hospitals now not that kind of organ you
silly people will be able to widen the
range of their senses using implants
that will detect more signals such as
x-rays radio waves and others in the
year 2036 probes will start their
journey to research the Alpha Centauri
star system the ships will have solar
sails and it will take them about 20
years to get to the Alpha Centauri
system and about 5 years to inform Earth
about the successful arrival
Bionic eyes that will have extremely
high resolution will become commercially
available in the year 2038 the US
National Archives will declassify the
mystery of john f kennedy's
assassination despite the fact that john
f kennedy's assassin was determined to
be Lee Harvey Oswald this version still
doesn't satisfy the many people who
don't believe it come on people get a
life
deafness at any stage will be cured the
world population will reach the number
of nine billion people in the year 2045
it will be the time of technological
singularity when the technological
process will be so complex that it will
be impossible to understand there might
be the moment when humanity will be
integrated with machines leading to the
appearance of a completely new type of
people so what are we talking about here
finally getting a smartphone implant so
you can never put the thing down along
with fingerprints brain prints will join
the security measures
what's more brain implants that people
will use both for entertainments and for
curing disabilities will become
available and in the year 2050 the
colonization of Mars will start first
colonists might come to the Red Planet
as part of the Mars one project the
population of big cities will reach 6.3
billion people all still lined up at
Starbucks 50 percent of the world's
population will suffer from
shortsightedness hey don't we have that
now so which of these predicted future
events will you look forward to tell us
in the comments below share this video
with those of your friends who enjoy
reading sci-fi about traveling and join
us right back here for another exciting
adventure on the bright side of life